Okay, we're gonna play a small game and then we're gonna talk about
the specifics of each program. Okay, so we're gonna make
a small circle. Oftentimes, a good activity will link overseas and domestic
CO training. A lot of overseas CO is kind of lost somewhere in
the ocean, but if you bring in a similar activity that they did
during overseas CO, then they can remember the messages
that were given and say, "Oh, yes, I remember this." And it can
really reinforce those things that were taught overseas and need to be reinforced domestically.
Okay, so I'm going to play some music. When I hit play,
I would like you to walk or dance this away.
A good example from our class is the musical chairs game.
The game is still really revitalizing. It brings life to the classroom.
Hopefully they've heard these messages before. The lesson behind musical
chairs is that we compare it to the US job market,
so musical chairs and the US job market are competitive, they involve luck.
If you don't get the chair the first time, then you have to
try again, you know? And the comparisons can keep going.
Okay, two more chairs out. If you only have one person working,
then everybody has to essentially fit in the chair with you,
and so you might have to have two or three people working from
the same family.